This is a board of five different Buddha Samyant Buddhas, five Buddha Samyant Buddhas, and the
first one is called Buddha Samyant Buddha.
Buddha Samyant Buddha. Second one is Natural Buddha Samyant Buddha.
Any natural Buddha Samyant Buddha. Third is Everless Buddha Samyant Buddha, or Ground Buddha Samy
ant Buddha.
The fourth one is Part Samyant Buddha. And the fifth one is Resolve Samyant Buddhas.
So this time, this Buddha Samyant Buddha is the Buddha Samyant Buddha, living Buddha Samyant Buddha
, and the Buddha Samyant Buddha is known as Original Buddha,
a primordial Buddha, big in the Buddha. The first Buddha. Buddha Samyant Buddha is called a
teaching.
Buddha Samyant Buddha becomes the teacher of all the Buddhas.
And for those reasons, many times, I am the teacher of the teachers.
Teacher of the teachers. So this is the Buddha Samyant Buddhas.
How Buddha Samyant Buddhas become Buddha? Since everyone is the same, equal.
That means we are all the same as equal. We are all the same. One point.
But Buddha Samyant Buddhas got it. Not deluded. We Samyant Buddhas are deluded. That made the
difference.
We deluded. Buddha Samyant Buddhas, the fourth Buddha, did not deluded.
What that actually means? Actually, the nature of our awareness, emptiness, as we said,
the Athangata Garbha, nature, is open, pervasive, inexpressible, emptiness beyond the consumption.
That's all we learned in this teaching, saying that, and as others.
But that is filled with the vitality I translated.
Vitalities or energy, power, potentials.
So that's not going to stay that way. It's going to activate it.
That means that the potential is going to activate it. Activate it.
And potentials are going to be accelerating. The force is there, even though it's undetectable.
The force is there. But then when the force arises, resenting things are deluded.
And the Samyant Buddhas, Buddha Samyant Buddhas, immediately discover.
That instant he reaches enlightenment or becomes the Buddha.
Those who are in the teaching said, Zouki teaching said,
six special ways Buddha Samyant Buddhas reach enlightenment instantly.
And the way the energy arises, or the sorrow, or power, energy, when it arises,
so when it arises, the force arises.
Second is, when it arises, it's not arising in some different horizons.
Arising on the right on your horizon of the Buddha's nature, or our horizon of the Buddha's nature.
Nature, when that happens, Samyant Buddhas immediately recognizes this is self-discipline.
Self-discipline. There's nothing else coming outside, evading us.
It's self-discipline. Self-discipline.
And the moment he recognizes, third one, fourth one, sorry,
the moment he recognizes, immediately he liberated.
Where? Back to that origin, the source. Immediately that is happened.
And immediately that happened, but also have been fourth one.
No, Pitman, I think Pitman. Pitman is then recited his own natural status, as it is.
Even it is happening. That is in the beginning, said,
Buddha Samyant Buddhas never went out of the old nature.
Always in the meditative, or always in the natural status.
It's just within that. Agree?
And then, and now from that, the compassion activities, then Buddha began to emanate so many eman
ations.
Even his emanation here, later in the prayer, said,
I emanated billions of the emanations, no matter whatever.
They never changed the old nature, exactly as it is.
That's how the Buddha Samyant Buddhas reach.
The organ of the Buddha Samyant Buddhas reach in life.
The moment he sees this one's own nature,
they call it the teaching, Dokki teaching.
That moment he completed the old wisdom accumulation meditations.
Complete wisdom accumulation meditations.
The moment these energies are arising, all this clarity accelerated that.
And that moment he actualized all the accumulate humanity.
That instant. This is not the old duration of this.
This fraction of the instant, very subtle instances.
We sentient beings of any nature, that energy arises, that arises.
We did not see that is our own display.
We began to see, can't we, see here in a letter, in a teaching, say it.
We feel kind of frightened, in a way.
Not frightened, pride is big pride.
But subtle, kind of like intentions of the separation of that.
External and others, you and others, really begin to come.
That energy kick. And that is the biggest of duality.
The strength of the subject, object, division.
And then we carry that, become more and more expert.
So this time, this is the buddha, saman buddha.
The all in the buddha.
The number one buddha, the false buddha is not number one of buddha,
or number one number two, no.
It's not all buddha, same.
The false buddha is making this prayer and giving us these teachings.
Then the second saman buddha, I mean, let's do that.
The second saman buddha is the emptiness nature of the truth.
All is, the emptiness nature, the absolute nature is pervasive.
Whether it's a subject, whether it's an object.
There is no, any kind of discrimination is good or bad.
Always the same, completely one nature.
That is a nature.
And then third one, awareness is saman buddha.
That is one's own awareness saman buddha.
One's own rupa.
Rupa is all in saman buddha to us.
Our rupa is saman buddha.
Our rupa is in body number three kayas.
Our rupa is three kayas status.
Right now, dharmagaya, sambokaya, narmagaya.
That is what is rupa is here.
And then part of saman buddha is because of this original nature we have.
Now we are activated.
We're going to glorify it.
We're going to polish it.
We're going to refine of this, that means the original rupa.
Rupa don't have to refine, it's already refined.
But we are going to take out the layer of the obscurations.
That is what we created.
Now we created that.
We're going to reveal the layers of the obscurations
and that will not become the extra dualities.
We're going to do that line out with the exact nature of the day.
Those are known as the skippo means the western techniques.
We're going to take regular practice and accomplish stage practices.
Or the appearance of accumulation of merit.
And the nami means so.
Two are western merit, accumulation of merit, western merit,
skippo means western merit.
Applying those needs so that will release the negativity,
not accumulate new dualities, conceptions.
And then that is part of the sample.
Then the result of the sample, when we all complete the part,
the junior complete, we discover our ordinary awareness,
trikaya, exactly as it is now.
As we have now discovered without any delusions, obscurations.
That is the result of the sample.
So this time, the Buddha, the Samal Buddha,
the teacher of all the teachers,
the Buddha of all the Buddhas.
In Buddhism, Buddhas are known as teachers.
Buddha Shakyamuni said, "I am a teacher."
How did he say any other than that?
That was really his teacher.
Therefore, always in Tibet we call Gomba to Giti,
the compassion of the Buddha.
Full of compassion, full of love, full of common sense.
Drown to the earth, walking with very feet,
that's what the religious teacher was.
And holding on to both, in his own hand, walking with students.
And eat together, and come back.
And watch in the teaching, watch the dust of the feet,
and then meditate.
That's how this great teaching is.
Wow, that is so teacher.
So here, the teacher of all the teachers.
Teachers, so that is the...
So therefore, his...
So that's the problem of icons and operas.
And then how this nature is...